---
template: BlogPost
path: /101
mockup: 
thumbnail:
github: 
demo: 
date: 2020-09-11
name: 101 Alphas Explained
title: An interpretation of the 101 alpha strategies published by hedge fund researchers.
category: Quantitative Finance
description: 'Understanding humanely what alpha strategies mean.'
tags:
  - Alpha
  - Quantitative Finance
  - Trading

---

> We describe and label 101 alphas. At present, these 101 factors are all in the field of technical analysis. Although they are inconsistent with the value investment logic, they are widely used by the industry, so for the sake of comprehensiveness (or, strategically despise the opponent) And to avoid ignorance, one must understand.

Note: (It is obviously meaningless to read through the 101 alpha factors. The following research intends to use the labeling method and the higher level of abstract theory)

Refer to the specific meaning of the operation symbols in the following formula: https://arxiv.org/ftp/arxiv/papers/1601/1601.00991.pdf CH operators

After interpreting the 101 alphas, you can roughly summarize the following classifications: 

Investment Principle 

- momentum
- mean-reversion
- Volume and price theory
- Candle chart theory (In fact, I don’t know the candle chart theory, but simply analyze the relationship between close, open, high, and low, personally think that it is more similar to calculating trading opportunities under given fluctuations)
  

Quantitative means

- The penalty model construction method of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division 
- Positive sequence and reverse sequence based on Rank and Ts_Rank
- Robustness enhancement methods based on linear_decay, sum, Ts_argmax(min) in the time dimension
- Robustness enhancement methods based on the cross-sectional dimension of scale and indneutralize 
  

Arbitrage

- Cross section sorting (stock selection arbitrage)

- Time series sorting (time arbitrage)

  

##### **Alpha#1**: `(rank(Ts_ArgMax(SignedPower(((returns<0) stddev(returns,20):close),2.),5))-0.5)`

**Note**: rank refers to the sorting of an indicator for all stocks. Rank is standardized by default, and divided by the total number after rank. above strategy is about ranking each stock according to the highest closing price or the highest downside volatility in the past 5 days (t-5) the highest downward volatility is to the calculation time, the more you can invest. The closer the closing price is to the calculation time, th 

**Label**: mean-reversion+momentum



##### Alpha#2:`(-1*correlation(rank(delta(log(volume),2)),rank((close-open)/open)),6))`

**Explanation**: For each stock, calculate the difference between the log(V) of each day in the past 6 days and the previous day and the retur stocks, calculate two ranks, and perform correlation calculations on ranks. If the positive correlation is higher, the investment cannot negative correlation, the better the investment. If the maximum price drop corresponds to the maximum trading volume, or the maximum p to the maximum drop in trading volume, you can invest. If the volume and price both rise or fall, no transaction will be made.

**Label**: Volume and Price Theory

##### Alpha#3:`(-1*correlation((rank(open),rank(volume),10))`

**Note**: In the past 10 days, if the opening price trend is proportional to the trading volume trend of the day, no investment is made. In the ca investment is made.

**Label**: Volume and Price Theory

##### Alpha#4: `(-1 * Ts_Rank(rank(low),9))`

**Note**: Ts_Rank is the ranking on the time series, and only returns the value of the last day (t-1), which is different from the rank on Calculate the absolute value of low ranking for all stocks, and calculate the low ranking ranking for all stocks in the past 9 days. What is g of low in t-9 for each stock at t-1. It is equivalent to buying if the absolute value ranking of low drops (becomes cheaper) when low is at t-1 

**Tag**: mean-reversion

##### Alpha#5: `(rank((open-(sum(vwap,10)/10)))*(-1*abs(rank((close-vwap)))))`

**Note**: The first part is that vwap is the average daily price of each stock weighted by trading volume. Sum adds up the vwap of the past 10 average, and subtracts the average from the opening price of t-1 day. Then sort the difference. The higher the difference is, the higher the r part is the absolute value of the sort after the closing price of t-1 minus the vwap of the day (why should the rank be all positive numbers One hypothesis is that the rank here includes normalization). The potential meaning here is: if a stock's opening price on t-1 day is muc price of the past ten days, and its closing price on t-1 day is much higher than vwap on t-1 day, buy it.

**Tag**: momentum

##### Alpha#6: `(-1 * correlation(open, volume, 10))`

**Description**: In the past 10 days, the correlation between the daily opening price and the trading volume of the day. If the opening price and or decrease year-on-year, then no investment is made. If the two are completely opposite, then investment is made. The absolute value of size of corr, and further normalization needs to be considered.

**Label**: Volume price theory (combined with 2 and 3, the basic feature of volume price theory is: when the price rises, you cannot buy with drops, everyone holds it, and we have to hold it. On the contrary, When the price rises, there is little interest in it and you can consider everyone panic selling, you can consider.)

##### Alpha#7: `((adv20<volume)?((-1*ts_rank(abs(delta(close,7)).60))* sign(delta(close,7))): (-1*1))`

**Note**: `adv{n}` refers to the average daily volume of the past n days, which is equivalent to the average daily volume of the past 20 days. closing price difference on the t-1 day * plus and minus sign, sort by each t-7 difference within 60 days, and multiply by the minus sign. If less than the average value of the previous 20 days, it will directly return -1. The potential meaning here is: if the trading volume rises, drops at the same time, the ranking is higher in the t-60 period, then invest.

**Label**: Volume and Price Theory (still: Do not buy on the same side of volume and price, consider the reverse of volume and price)

##### Alpha#8: `(-1rank(((sum(open,5)sum(returns,5))-delay((sum(open,5)sum(return,5)),10))))`

**Note**: open return is actually equivalent to getting a dollar return (this is not accurate, because return may also be close-return or close- daily product after addition, but the product after addition) , Calculate the sum of dollar returns between t-5:t-1, and subtract the sum of d The potential significance is that if the total dollar return 10 days ago far exceeds the dollar return at t-1, then invest. If the 5-day dollar ret than the 5-day dollar return 10 days ago, no investment is made.

**Tag**: mean-reversion

##### Alpha#9: `((0 <ts_min(delta(close,1),5))? Delta(close,1): ((ts_max(delta(close,1), 5)<0? Delta(close,1): (-1 * delta(close,1)))))`

**Explanation**: First judge whether there is a negative spread in the past 5 days. If all are positive, return the close spread of t-1. If there a whether they are all negative, if they are all negative, the close difference of t-1 is returned, otherwise the negative value of the close diff The potential significance is: if the price rises monotonically in the past 5 days, if t-1 rises more, the more investment can be made. If the past 5 days, the more t-1 drops, the less investment can be made. If the price has risen and fallen in the past 5 days, the more you can invest 

**Label**: momentum + mean-reversion (continuously rising, forecast rising, investment. Constantly falling, forecast falling, no investme opposite is true)

##### Alpha#10: `rank(((0<ts_min(delta(close,1),4))? delta(close,1): ((ts_max(delta(close,1),4) <0)? delta(close,1): (-1 * delta(close,1)))))` 

**Note**: Same as above, but the time is changed to the past 4 days, and the score is calculated using the rank method.
**Tag**: momentum + mean-reversion

##### Alpha#11: `((rank(ts_max((vwap-close),3))+rank(ts_min((vwap-close),3)))*rank(delta(volume, 3)))`

**Description**: Calculate the price difference between vwap and the closing price in the past 3 days, select the highest and calculate the difference between vwap and the closing price in the past 3 days, select the lowest, and calculate the rank. When calculating t-1, th transaction volume and the transaction volume 3 days ago, calculate the rank. After adding the first two, multiply by the third term. The Volatility is defined as intraday price changes. The sum of the first two items will be higher when the volatility is large. If a stock has hi increase in trading volume, the more it is worth investing. On the contrary, if the trading volume plummets, it is not worth investing.

**Label**: Volume and Price Theory? (In the case of high volatility, if the transaction volume increases, the forecast will increase?)

##### Alpha#12: `(sign(delta(volume,1)) * (-1 * delta(close,1)))`

**Note**: Confirm that the trading volume on t-1 day is up or down, calculate the closing price spread on t-1 day, and calculate the reverse. T is: if the t-1 day rises too much and the trading volume drops, then invest. If t-1 falls too much and the transaction volume rises too much.

**Label**: Volume and Price Theory

##### Alpha#13: `(-1*rank(covariance(rank(close),rank(volume),5)))`

**Note**: Calculate the correlation between the closing price of the past 5 days and the transaction volume. If there is a positive correlatio made, and a negative correlation investment.

**Label**: Volume and Price Theory

##### Alpha#14: `((-1*rank(delta(returns,3)))*correlation(open,volume,10))`

**Explanation:** Calculate the difference between the return rates of t-1 and t-4 and multiply it by the correlation between the opening pric shown in the past 10 days. If the return pushes up in the past 3 days and the volume and price are opposite, then invest. On the basis of vol difference of return is added as a measure of size.

**Label**: Volume and Price Theory (with size)

##### Alpha#15: `(-1*sum(rank(correlation(rank(high),rank(volume), 3)), 3))`

**Note**: Scroll 3 times to calculate the relationship between the highest price of the past 3 days and the transaction volume. The lower the tot invest. (The premise is that the rank is standardized, otherwise all are positive)

**Label**: Volume and price theory (using high, implying that you want to obtain volume and price in a volatile state, and the 3-day sum is use

##### Alpha#16: `(-1*rank(covariance(rank(high),rank(volume),5)))`

**Note**: In terms of category, covariance is not standardized compared to correlation, which is equivalent to introducing more volatility pre and using 5 days of information.

**Label**: Volume and Price Theory

##### Alpha#17: `(((-1*rank(ts_rank(close,10)))*rank(delta(delta(close,1),1)))*rank(ts_rank((volume / adv20), 5)))`

**Explanation**: -1* (proportional to the closing price trend of the past 10 days, proportional to the change in the closing price change, and p volume trend of the past 5 days). In other words, if the closing price has risen sharply, the return rate of change is high, and the tran sharply, you cannot invest. If the closing price drops sharply, the return rate of change is high, and the transaction volume is still up. 

**Label**: Volume and Price Theory (Considering the rate of change of return, it is used to describe the size of the volatility state, ts_rank is e stable signal)

##### Alpha#18: `(-1*rank(((stddev(abs((close-open)),5) + (close-open)) + correlation(close, open, 10))))`

**Description**: Calculate the correlation between the standard deviation of the absolute value of the intra-day price difference of the past 5 d difference + the intra-day price difference of the past 10 days. Calculate the rank. The lower the volatility, the better, the lower the intra-d the lower the correlation between close and open, the better. Means: It is worth investing in a situation that fluctuates within the day, but d the final close. In fact, the close-open intraday spread on t-1 day dominates the formula. To be more precise, is it a company whose inves day? If you look at it by drawing a picture, it is equivalent to investing if there are narrow-band fluctuations and the average is downward. 

**Label**: mean-reversion (here is the logic of upward correction after the fall, if there is a big fall on t-1 day, and the baseband of the stock’s difference is shortened, the intraday volatility is small (does it indicate that this situation is realized? Is the benchmark price recognized by

##### Alpha#19: `((-1sign(((close-delay(close,7))+ delta(close,7))) (1+rank((1+sum(returns,250))))`

**Explanation**: It is guessed that stocks have risen particularly well this year, but those that have fallen horribly these days, you can consid Tag: mean-reversion

##### Alpha#20: `(((-1 * rank((open-delay(high,1)))) * rank((open-delay(close,1)))) * rank((open-delay(low,1))))`

**Note**: Calculate the opening price minus the highest price of the previous day, calculate the opening price minus the closing price of the pr the opening price minus the lowest price of the previous day. If the opening price is lower than yesterday's highest price, and much higher price and lowest price, invest.

**Label**: momentum (does not touch the opening momentum under the premise of the previous high price)

##### Alpha#21: `((((sum(close,8) / 8) + stddev(close,8)) <(sum(closem2) / 2))? (-1 * 1): (((sum(close,2) / 2 ) <((sum(close,8) / 8)-stddev(close,8)))? 1: (( ((volume / adv20) == 1))? 1: (-1 * 1))))`

**Note**: The average closing price of the previous 8 days + the standard deviation of the closing price of the 8 days. If it is less than the ave price in 2 days, it returns -1 (no investment). If it is higher than the average price of the closing price of 2 days, judge whether the standard closing price of 8 days-8 days of closing price is greater than the average price of closing price of 2 days, if yes, return 1 (investment). Oth whether the trading volume of t-1 day exceeds or equals the average trading volume of the previous 20 days. If yes, return 1 (investment) investment). Means: If the increase in these two days is too strong, more than a standard deviation, no investment. If the two days fall b deviation, invest. If it is within the standard deviation, if the transaction volume increases, you can invest.

**Label**: mean-reversion (The previous logic is easy to understand. If the standard deviation is exceeded, the counter-trend operation is perf increase in trading volume allow investment if the price does not break through?)

##### Alpha#22: `(-1 * (delta(correlation(high, volume, 5), 5) * rank(stddev(close,20))))`

**Note**: The correlation between the intraday high price and the trading volume, in the 5-day change value, if there is a decreasing change, it if there is an increasing change, it is inclined to not invest. In addition, multiplied by a standard deviation of the 20-day closing price as a ranking, the more inclined to invest. Means: In the case of increased reversal of volume and price, if the volatility increases, it is suitable. 

**Label**: Quantity and price theory (not purely pursuing correlation, it has begun to pursue the rate of change of correlation... It is more effe than static correlation to a certain extent)

##### Alpha#23: `(((sum(high,20)/20) <high)? (-1 * delta(high,2)): 0)`

Explanation: Whether the high of t-1 is higher than the average high of the previous 20 trading days, if so, return the difference of high b difference is negative and the absolute value is large, The more inclined to investment. Otherwise, it returns 0. Means: If today's high is days), and historically the current high is at a relatively high level, then invest.

Label: Momentum under mean-reversion (for long-term momentum, obtain short-term mean-reversion profits)

##### Alpha#24: `((((delta((sum(close,100)/100,100)/delay(close,100))<0.05)||((delta((sum(close,100)/100), 100) / delay(close ,100)) == 0.05))? (-1 * (close- * delta(close,3)))`

`Note`: The average closing price of the 100 days before t-1 minus the average closing price of the 100 days before t-100. Divide by the clos less than or equal to 5%. It returns the closing price of t-1 day minus the smallest value among the past 100 closing prices, multiplie Otherwise, return the 3rd closing price difference, multiplied by minus one. This means that if the average price trend, if it is an upward selected, and if this number is exceeded, then it is considered that there is too much upward trend, so hurry up and sell. If there is not downside, then take a look at the closing price of the three days. If it drops a lot, you can buy.

**Label**: mean-reversion (In the long run, if investors think that momentum is too powerful, such as exceeding a certain threshold, it should short-term of 3 days, mean-reversion can also be used.)

##### Alpha#25: `rank(((((-1 * returns) * adv20) * vwap) * (high-close)))`

**Explanation**: The return of t-1 is multiplied by the vwap of t-1*The average transaction volume in the past 20 days. Multiply by the intrada 1 day. This means that when the return on day t-1 is negative, the higher the intraday high price is than the closing price, the more valuable daily trading volume in the past 20 days is high, it will have more investment value.

**Label**: mean-reversion (short-term mean-reversion, equivalent to saying that if you lose today, the greater the intraday volatility and t volume, the higher the probability of regaining lost ground tomorrow. It is equivalent to saying that mean-reversion can be used A volatile uncertain? It can also be used in a market where everyone has a benchmark concept, but for some reason it deviates greatly.)

##### Alpha#26: `(-1*ts_max(correlation(ts_rank(volume,5),ts_rank(high, 5), 5), 3))`

**Note**: If there is a positive correlation between the trading volume within 5 days and the highest price, the higher the degree of the correla The higher the degree of negative correlation, the more you can invest.

**Label**: Volume and Price Theory (old routine, ts_max{x,3} is used to increase robustness)

##### Alpha#27: `((0.5<rank((sum(correlation(rank(volume),rank(vwap), 6), 2) / 2.0)))? (-1*1): 1)`

**Note**: The 2-day average of the correlation between volume and vwap calculated on the 6th rolling basis, sorted, if it exceeds 0.5, then n 0.5, then investment. (It is obviously not a good idea to use a fixed number of 0.5, 0.51 and 0.49 are totally different decisions)

**Label**: Volume and Price Theory (A bad one)

##### Alpha#28: `scale(((correlation(adv20, low, 5) + ((high + low) / 2))-close))`

**Note**: It is meaningless to add correlation and price together. Correlation and price should be scaled separately before calculation. Si environment, if the closing price of t-1 is low, you can consider buying.

**Tag**: mean-reversion

##### Alpha#29: `(min(product(rank(rank(scale(log(sum(ts_min(rank(rank((-1 * rank(delta((close-1), 5))))))), 2 ), 1)))) ),1), 5) + ts_rank(delay((-1 * returns)` 

**Explanation**: product is the multiplication on the time series. Calculate the 5-day spread of close’s closing price for each day, calculate th the most during the two days, add them up, normalize them, and multiply them after sorting, plus the difference between the return rate a Select the stocks that have the smallest results within 5 days. A lot of rank, scale and log are used. Does not necessarily make the effect b of machine excavation. The meaning is: choose those stocks that have fallen worse than others in the past few days to buy, that is, choose.

**Tag**: mean-reversion

Alpha#30:
 (((1.0-rank(((sgin((close-delay(close,1))) + sign((delay(close,1)-delay(close,2)))) + sign((delay(close, 2)-delay(close,3)))))) * sum(volume, Explanation: The core idea is that the three-day spreads are added together, and after the ranking, the smaller the better (the more fal cumulative trading volume of 5 days accounted for the 20 days of cumulative trading volume, the more you can invest.
 Label: Volume and Price Theory (If the price falls sharply, the transaction is strong, then you can buy)

Alpha#31:

((rank(rank(rank(decay_linear((-1*rank(rank(delta(close,10)))),10))))+rank((-1*delta(close,3)))) + sign(scale(correlation(adv20,low,12)))) Note: decay_linear is a weight distribution method with decreasing time according to time, with the latest one giving the highest weight. Th average time weight of the 10-day closing price difference, the 3-day closing price difference, and the correlation between the lowest pric volume. The score is inversely proportional to the 10-day spread, inversely proportional to the 3-day spread, and inversely proportional t looking for assets that fell on the 10th, fell on the 3rd, and reversed the volume and price.

Label: volume price theory + mean-reversion (in the case of a fall, look for a reversion that can be purchased for a rise. decay_linear is us term trend. In fact, the word "relative" has been said using rank. Since it is a relative selection from a group Yes, it is considered that already large, so it is going in the direction of regression, not in the direction of momentum.)

Alpha#32:
 (scale(((sum(close,7) / 7)-close)) + (20 * scale(correlation(vwap, delay(close,5), 230))))
 Note: Calculate the 7-day average closing price, subtract the closing price on t-1, add the correlation between the closing price of the p vwap and normalize it *20, add it to the closing price, and then normalize化. The larger the former, the better, that is, the closing price than the previous 7 days. The larger the latter, the better, that is, the correlation between the intraday vwap and the closing price of t strategy is equivalent to saying that if the 5-day average price trend of a stock is highly correlated, if there is a sharp decline, it is expected Tag: mean-reversion

Alpha#33:
 rank((-1 * ((1-(open / close)) ^1)))
 Note: It is positively correlated with the increase of the day. Short-term momentum strategy. It feels full of danger. Tag: momentum

Alpha#34:
 rank(((1-rank((stddev(returns,2) / stddev(returns,5)))) + (1-rank(delta(close,1)))))
 Note: It is inversely proportional to (2-day yield standard deviation/5-day yield standard deviation), and inversely proportional to the 1-day (There is a yarn for the standard deviation of the 2nd and 5th?) Vernacular: The fluctuations in these 5 days are severe, but the fluctuations smaller. If the price happens to have a big drop, consider buying. This logic does not feel convincing.
 Tag: mean-reversion

Alpha#35:
 ((Ts_Rank(volume,32) * (1-Ts_Rank(((close + high)-low), 16))) * (1-Ts_Rank(returns,32)))
 Note: Seeing Ts_rank should be understood as a trend. The alpha is proportional to the volume trend of the past 32 trading days, and the trading days (the volatility is inaccurate, and the influence of low is also great, which can also be understood as a new low) and the tr inversely proportional, and inversely proportional to the trend of returns over the past 32 trading days. It is equivalent to saying that i increases, and the price decreases, the volatility decreases (the daily low prices repeatedly hit new lows), and the yield decreases, then inve Label: Volume and Price Theory (enhanced version, especially for the stability of low-priced signals)

Alpha#36:
 (((((2.21 * rank(correlation((close-open), delay(volume,1), 15))) + (0.7 *rank((open-close)))) + (0.73*rank(Ts_Rank( delay((- rank(abs(correlation(vwap, adv20, 6)))) + (0.6 * rank((((sum(close,200) / 200 )-open) * (close-open)))))
 Description: Positive correlation with (day closing price minus opening price, and trading volume on t-1 day), positive correlation with op price, negative correlation with yield trend, and positive correlation with intraday average price and trading volume , Positively correlated closing price minus the opening price on t-1, and positively correlated with the closing price and opening price on t-1. There is something and it is suspected of overfit.
 Label: Volume and Price Theory+momentum

Alpha#37:
 (rank(correlation(delay((open-close),1),close,200))+rank((open-close)))
 Note: The opening price on t-2 minus the closing price on t-2 is proportional to the correlation between the closing price on t-1. The openi closing price on t-1 is proportional. It means that the worse it fell the previous day, the better it rose the next day. If it falls today, th tomorrow.
 Label: mean-reversion (equivalent to picking out the stocks that will rise tomorrow from the stocks that have shown mean-reversion, from t today)

Alpha#38:
 ((-1*rank(Ts_Rank(close,10)))*rank((close/open)))
 Note: It is inversely proportional to the trend of the 10th closing price spread, and proportional to the close/open on the day when the means: the first 10 days have fallen horribly, and there has been a good increase on the t-1 day, and it is predicted that it will rise next day. signal to enter mean-reversion?
 Tag: mean-reversion

Alpha#39:
 ((-1 * rank((delta(close,7) * (1-rank(decay_linear((volume / adv20), 9)))))) * (1+rank(sum(returns,250))))
 Note: It is inversely proportional to the 7-day spread, inversely proportional to the average trading volume on the 9th, and directly propo 250-day yield. This means that the price has risen well this year, and the price has fallen sharply recently, but the trading volume has not ri invest.
 Label: Volume and Price Theory

Alpha#40:
 ((-1*rank(stddev(high,10)))*correlation(high,volume,10))
 Note: It is directly proportional to the volatility of the intraday high price in the past 10 trading days, and inversely proportional to the intraday high price and transaction volume in the past 10 trading days. This means that in the case of relatively volatile markets in transaction volume and price are reversed, investment can be considered.
 Label: Volume and Price Theory (In the case of high volatility, invest in stocks that are inversely proportional to volume and price. Are the assets have not been speculated or panicked?)

Alpha#41:
 (((high * low)^0.5)-vwap)
 Description: It is equivalent to finding the geometric mean of high low and comparing it with vwap. The implication here is that the root s the real value. Obviously this is unreliable.
 Tag: mean-reversion

Alpha#42:
 (rank((vwap-close)) / rank((vwap + close)))
 Note: The same is a statistical technique, meaning that the close is not too high or too low, and the investment is not too high. There is no b Label: mean-reversion (same as 41, returning to "value" is what we all pursue, but if the value algorithm is so sloppy, it is very dangerous)

Alpha#43:
 (ts_rank((volume/adv20),20)*ts_rank((-1*delta(close,7)), 8))
 Note: If the trading volume on t-1 day increases suddenly and the price drops sharply, invest. Label: Volume and Price Theory

Alpha#44:
 (-1 * correlation(high, rank(volume), 5))
 Explanation: In the past 5 days, the relationship between the intraday high price and the order of transaction volume. Sorting is mixed with relationship can be preserved, but the volatility of high is still very high.
 Label: Volume and Price Theory

Alpha#45:
 (-1×((rank((sum(delay(close,5),20)/20))*correlation(close,volume,2))*rank(correlation(sum(close,5).sum(close, 20), 2)))
 Note: It is proportional to the sum of the 5-day closing price difference calculated on the rolling basis of the past 20 days; inversely propor between volume and price; and proportional to the sum of the transaction price on the 5th and the sum of the transaction price on the 20th. going up, but there is no stock that violates the volume and price theory. The first and third items are i to confirm the long-term momentum medium and long term.
 Label: momentum + volume and price theory

Alpha#46:

((0.25< (((delay(close,20)-delay(close,10))/10)-((delay(close,10)-close)/10)))? * (-1 * 1): (((((delay(close,20)-delay(close,10)) / 10)-((del <0)? 1: ((-1 * 1 ) * (close-delay(close,1))))
 Explanation: First judge the increase in the closing price of the past 20 to 10 days, subtract the increase in the past 10 to 0 closing prices, a exceeds 0.25. (The one-sentence understanding is that if the stock keeps falling, this number will be large), then return -1 (no investment judge whether the above number is small and 0 (that is, there is an increase in general), if so, return -1, otherwise return the difference bet t-1 minus the closing price on t-2. This means that if assets continue to fall, but the decline has slowed recently, then no investment. If th and the assets plummet in the later stage, do not invest. If assets continue to fall, the decline in the later period will shrink. Only invest a (To be honest, if there is an accurate numerical threshold (the decline on the 10th is less than 0.25 yuan), it is estimated that it is the res similar: choose to fall sharply, but not so sharply, so as to form momentum stocks, If it is not momentum, there is a silver lining to mean-re Tags: mean-reversion

Alpha#47:
 ((((rank(1/close)) * volume) / adv20) * ((high * rank(high-close))) / (sum(high,5) / 5)))-rank(vwap-delay( vwap,5))))
 Note: Close and volume are inversely proportional to the popularity. This specifically refers to the fact that close goes downwards; in t prices and does not fly, close is relatively downwardly popular; these 5 trading days have fallen in popularity.
 Label: Volume and Price Theory (here, the signal recognition of the relative downward degree is strengthened)

Alpha#48:
 (indneutralize(((correlation(delta(close,1), delta(delay(close,1),1),250)*delta(close,1))/close),IndClass.subindustry)/sum(((delta (close,1)/d Note: Using 250 trading days as a window, a rolling analysis of the closing price difference on t-1 and the closing price difference o correlation is multiplied by the difference between the closing price on t-1 and divided by the closing price on t-1. After dividing by the in industry average), the difference is divided by the closing price spread on t-1/the square of the closing price on t-2, and the sum withi today's rise and fall are highly correlated with yesterday's rise and fall, and the signal of high rise is released on t-1 day, then invest.
 Label: momentum (find from the past relevance, this is a bit of data mining, there is always a search, but this logic cannot withstand the tes

Alpha#49:
 (((((delay(close,20)-delay(close,10))/10)-((delay(close,10)-close)/10))<(-1 * 0.1))? 1: ( (-1 * 1) * (close-delay(close,1))))
 Explanation: The first signal is the average value of the closing price 20 days ago minus the closing price 10 days ago (when it is positiv The second signal is the average drop from 10 days to 0 days. If the previous average decline exceeds the recent average decline by less t (equivalent to a less severe decline). Otherwise, return the difference between the closing price of t-1 minus the closing price of t-2 (if it i fallen), and multiply it by -1 to get alpha. From a logical point of view, if the decline is severe within 20 days, invest. If the decline according to the decline on the t-1 day. The more the decline, the more you can buy.
 Tag: mean-reversion

Alpha#50:
 (-1*ts_max(rank(correlation(rank(volume),rank(vwap),5)),5))
 Description: Look for stocks with the most serious divergence in volume and price recently to invest Label: Volume and Price Theory

Alpha#51:
 (((((delay(close,20)-delay(close,10))/10)-((delay(close,10)-close)/10))<(-1*0.05))? 1:( (-1*1)*(close-delay(close,1)))) Explanation: Same as alpha#49, the main difference is from 0.1 to 0.05. . . Again, those with accurate numbers are not reliable. Tag: mean-reversion

Alpha#52:
 ((((-1*ts_min(low,5))+delay(ts_min(low,5),5))*rank(((sum(returns,240)-sum(returns,20))/220)) ) * ts_rank(volume,5))
 Note: It is inversely proportional to the lowest price in 5 days (the lower the better); it is proportional to the lowest price of t-5 in 5 days is proportional to the average decline in the 220-day yield (the more recent the decline in the yield) The more powerful the better); pro trading volume within 5 days (the higher the trading volume, the better). In other words: before the price was high, now the price is low, a is still going up.
 Label: Volume and Price Theory

Alpha#53:
 (-1 * delta((((cloes-low)-(high-close))/(close-low)),9))

Explanation: Is this candle chart theory? The basic logic is, compared with 9 days. When close is close to low, the investment is most wort momentum.
 Tag: candle chart+momentum

Alpha#54:
 ((-1*((low-close)*(open^5)))/((low-high)*(close^5)))
 Explanation: Again, it seems to be part of the candlestick theory. The basic logic remains, the lower the close, the better. Tag: candle chart+momentum

Alpha#55:
 (-1*correlation(rank(((close-ts_min(low,12))/(ts_max(high,12)-ts_min(low,12)))),rank(volume),6))
 Note: It is essentially quantity and price, but in terms of structure, a certain degree of standardization has been done: (close-low)/(high-low Label: Volume and Price Theory

Alpha#56:
 (0-(1*(rank((sum(returns,10)/sum(sum(returns,2),3)))*rank((returns*cap)))))
 Note: Divide the total of 10-day returns by 6-day returns (but with overlap). This value should reflect the relative density of returns. If it i recent increase has been severe, which is inversely proportional to the alpha score. The last term uses the absolute value of the return for That is, if the price has risen sharply in the past few days and tends to be a company with a large market value, then buy it.
 Tag: momentum

Alpha#57:
 (0-(1 * ((close-vwap)/decay_linear(rank(ts_argmax(close,30)),2))))
 Note: The higher the difference between the closing price and vwap, the less investment. If the high of the closing price occurs as long a time the price is suppressed), the better. That is, invest in assets that have a poor closing price and have been falling for a long time.
 Tag: mean-reversion

Alpha#58:
 (-1*Ts_rank(decay_linear(correlation(IndNeutralize(vwap,IndClass.sector), volume, 3.92795), 7.89291), 5.50322)) Explanation: The volume and price theory, the coefficient is full of overfit flavor.
 Label: Volume and Price Theory

Alpha#59: (-1*Ts_rank(decay_linear(correlation(IndNeutralize(((vwap*0.728317)+(vwap*(1-0.728317))),IndClass.industry),volume,4.2519 Note: Same as above, but without weighting the correlation, more effort has been made to find vwap.
 Label: Volume and Price Theory

Alpha#60:
 (0-(1 * ((2*scale(rank(((((close-low)-(high-close)) / (high-low)) * volume))))-scale(rank(ts_argmax(close ,10))))))
 Note: It is also a method that uses data standardization to calculate whether the price of close on t-1 day is low enough. From a trend point the price on t-1 day is already very low, it is relatively low compared to the historical trend Yes, at the same time, I hope that the smaller th better (doubt?) method.
 Tag: candle chart theory+mean-reversion

Alpha#61:
 (rank((vwap-ts_min(vwap,16.1219)))<rank(correlation(vwap,adv180,17.9282)))
 Explanation: The rank of spread and relevance are compared. This means that if the price is not low, and the volume and price trends are can invest. This signal is problematic in nature.
 Label: Volume and Price Theory

Alpha#62: ((rank(correlation(vwap,sum(adv20,22.4101),9.91009))<rank((rank(open) + rank(open))<(rank(((high+low)/2)) +rank(high))))) * Description: Triple logic. From the perspective of the brackets, the last logic is judged first, and then the previous logic is judged. The whether the opening price is lower than the intraday volatility. If it is, return 1. Then judge the previous logic, whether the correlation bet low enough, the lower is the investment.

Label: volume and price theory + candle theory (in fact, the main theme is still, in the case of high volatility, look for the opposite of volum

Alpha#63: ((rank(decay_linear(delta(IndNeutralize(close,IndClass.industry),2.25164),8.22237))-rank(decay _linear(correlation(((vwap*0.318108) + (open*(1-0.318108))),sum(adv180,37.2467),13.557),12
 .2883)))*-1)
 Note: The relationship between the 8-day time-weighted closing price ranking minus the weighted value of vwap and open and the 180 aver days. The final value is calculated by *-1. It is equivalent to a severe decline. If the trading volume still goes up, invest.

Label: Volume and Price Theory

Alpha#64:
 ((rank(correlation(sum(((open*0.178404) + (low* (1-0.178404))),12.7054),sum(adv120,12.7054),1 6.6208))<rank(delta(((((high+low)/2)*0.178404)+
 (vwap*(1-0.178404))),3.69741)))*-1)
 Explanation: The same logic, if the price falls, the relationship between volume and price is inversely proportional, then investment. Label: Quantity and Price Theory (using the ranking between ranks is also a mathematical way of describing condition)

Alpha#65: ((rank(correlation(((open*0.00817205)+(vwap*(1-0.00817205)))),sum(adv60,8.6911),6.40374))<rank((open-ts_min(open,13.635) Note: Same as above, only the specific figures have been changed. If the number represented by the opening price is much lower than the the past 13 days, in this case, if the volume and price are met, then the investment is made.
 Label: Volume and Price Theory

Alpha#66: ((rank(decay_linear(delta(vwap,3.51013),7.23052))+Ts_Rank(decay_linear(((((low*0.96633)+(low*(1-0.966633)))-vwap)/(op 11.4157), 6.72611))*-1)
 Explanation: In a word, investment prices have fallen sharply, and the recent low value has reached a new low.
 Tag: mean-reversion

Alpha#67: ((rank(high-ts_min(high,2.14593)))^rank(correlation(IndNeutralize(vwap,IndClass.sector),IndNeutralize(adv20,IndClass.subindustry),6.029 Explanation: In the first part, calculate the largest increase in high within 2 days. The second part calculates the relationship between volu multiplying by -1, it becomes the worst choice for high to fall, and volume and price reverse.
 Label: Volume and Price Theory

Alpha#68: ((Ts_Rank(correlation(rank(high),rank(adv15),8.91644),13.93333)<rank(delta(((close*0.518371) + (low*(1-0.518371))),1.06157 Explanation: Among the stocks whose prices have fallen, the volume and price have been reversed. Give higher scores.
 Label: Volume and Price Theory

Alpha#69:((rank(ts_max(delta(IndNeutralize(vwap,IndClass.industry),2.72412),4.79344))^Ts_rank(correlation(((close*0.490655)+(vwap*(1 adv20,4.92416),9.0615))*-1)
 Note: In the past 4.79 days, after the industry is neutral, vwap rose the least. Select the volume and price (the price is the weighted av inversely proportional.

Label: Volume and Price Theory

Alpha#70: ((rank(delta(vwap,1.29456))^Ts_Rank(correlation(IndNeutralize(close,IndClass.industry),adv50,17.8256),17.9171))*-1) Explanation: The correlation between vwap's 1.3-day spread ranking, the closing price of the Bank of China and the 50-day average daily t the drop, the better, and the reverse the relationship between volume and price, the better.
 Label: Volume and Price Theory

Alpha#71: max(Ts_Rank(decay_linear(correlation( Ts_Rank(adv180,12.0647),18.0175),4.20501),15.6948),Ts_Rank(decay_linear((rank((rank(((low+open )-(vwap+vwap)))^2),16.4662),4.4388 Note: I tend to choose the ones whose prices have fallen horribly recently and the correlation between volume and price has recentl relationship is not so obvious when the quantity-price relationship is selected through max. But it can basically be understood as: max, wh to be low, the other (volume-price correlation) is lower.

Label: Volume and Price Theory

Alpha#72: (rank(decay_linear(correlation(((high 10.1519))/rank(decay_linear(correlation(Ts_Rank(vwap,3.72469),Ts_Rank(volume,18.5188), 6.86671), 2.95011)))
 Description: Volume-price correlation based on 9-day high and low price averages and 40-day average trading volume/Volume-price co vwap and 20-day volume trends. Basically, it is to judge whether the short-term correlation between volume and price is smaller than the l correlation)

Label: Volume and Price Theory (Long-term and Short-term Arbitrage)

Alpha#73: (max(rank(delay_linear(delta(vwap,4.72775),2.91864)), Ts_Rank(decay_linear(((delta(((open*0.147155)+(low* /((open*0.147155)+(low*(1-0.147155))))*-1),3.33829),16.7411))*-1)
 Note: Compare the ranking of the 5-day vwap spread with the inverse sequence of the ranking of the opening spread after t-1 day proce larger one, perform the reverse sequence. It is equivalent to the reverse sequence at the Ts_rank level if the decline is severe, which is eq decline, the earlier you can invest (the feeling that the big decline has passed?).

Tag: mean-reversion

Alpha#74: ((rank(correlation(close,sum(adv30,37.4843),15))<rank(correlation(rank(((high*0.0261661)+(vwap*(1-0.0261661))))),rank( volu Explanation: Long-term and short-term arbitrage between volume and price. The former 30-day amount has a 15-day correlation; the latte 11-day correlation. It is equivalent to investing if the volume-price relationship on t-1 day decreases drastically in the longer term.
 Label: Volume and Price Theory (with timing)

Alpha#75:
 (rank(correlation(vwap,volume,4.24))<rank(correlation(rank(low),rank(adv50),12.4413)))
 Note: Same as above, 4-day volume-price relationship, compared with the 12-day 50-day average transaction volume-price relationship. If i invest.
 Label: Volume and Price Theory (with timing)

Alpha#76: (max(rank(decay_linear(delta(vwap,1.24),11.8259)),Ts_Rank(decay_linear(Ts_rank(correlation(IndNeutralize(low,IndClass.sector),adv81,9. , 19.383))*-1)
 Explanation: It is also the logic of max logic and -1. In principle, the volume and price are chosen instead.
 Label: Volume and Price Theory (cross section)

Alpha#77: min(rank(decay_linear(((((high+low)/2)+high)-(vwap+high)),20.0451)),rank(decay_linear(correlation(((high+low)/2 ), adv40, 3. Note: Without -1, use min directly, the same logic as above.
 Label: Volume and Price Theory

Alpha#78: (rank(correlation(sum(((low*0.352233) + (vwap*(1-0.352233))),19.7428),sum(adv40,19.7428),6.83313))^ra ),rank(volume),5.77492)))
 Note: The front part of the correlation is all prices, the back part is an exponential function of trading volume, and the index is the relation price. The former is 20 days and the latter is 7 days. The rank here should be 0 as the average value, so when the correlation decreases, th number relationship may be consistent, but the logic is a bit unreasonable, and there are too many offset aspects.

Label: Volume and Price Theory

Alpha#79: (rank(delta(IndNeutralize(((close*0.60733)+(open*(1-0.60733))),IndClass.sector),1.23438))<rank(correlation(Ts_Rank (adv150,9.18637),14.6644)))
 Note: If the price falls a lot, if it happens to be the opposite of the price, then invest.
 Label: Volume and Price Theory

Alpha#80: ((rank(Sign(delta(IndNeutralize(((open*0.868128)+(high*(1-0.868128))),IndClass.industry),4.04545)))^Ts_Ran 5.11456),5.53756))*-1)
 Explanation: For those who have fallen a lot, the relationship between volume and price is negative, and ranked the smallest, and then in investment score is higher.

Label: Volume and Price Theory

Alpha#81: ((rank(log(product(rank((rank(correlation(vwap,sum(adv10,49.6054),8.47743))^4)),14.9655)))<ran rank(volume),5.07914)))*-1)
 Explanation: The former judges the relationship between quantity and price. The 14-day cumulative score, if the smaller is, the smaller t The latter is also related to volume and price, but it is a short-term of 5 days. The last minus sign. It shows that the whole logic is to correlation between volume and price is less than the long-term correlation.

Label: Volume and Price Theory

Alpha#82: (min(rank(decay_linear(delta(open,1.46063),14.8717)), Ts_Rank(decay_linear(correlation(IndNeutralize(volume,IndClass.s (open*(1- 0.634196))), 17.4842), 6.92131), 13.4283))*-1)
 Note: The former is the opening price difference on the 15th, and the latter is the industry-adjusted volume-price relationship (volume a 13th.

Label: Volume and Price Theory

##### Alpha#83: `((rank(delay(((high-low)/(sum(close,5)/5)),2))rank(rank(volume)))/(((high-low)/(sum(close,5)/5))/(vwap-close)))`

**Note**: It is inversely proportional to the closing price and directly proportional to the transaction volume 

**Label**: Volume and Price Theory

##### Alpha#84: `SignedPower(Ts_Rank((vwapts_max(vwap,15.3217)),20.7127),delta(close,4.96796))`

**Note**: It is proportional to (the difference between the t-1 price and the price before the 15th day), and is proportional to the difference b price.

**Tag**: momentum

##### Alpha#85: `(rank(correlation(((high0.876703)+(close(1-0.876703))),adv30,9.61331))^rank(correlation(Ts_Rank(((high+low)/2),3.70596),Ts_Rank( volume,10.1595),7.11408)))`

**Note**: The relationship between volume and price on the 30th is proportional, and the relationship between volume and price on the 7th .

**Label**: Volume and Price Theory (timing)

##### Alpha#86: `((Ts_Rank(correlation(close,sum(adv20,14.7444),6.00049),20.4195)<rank(((open+close)-(vwap+open))))*-1)` 

**Description**: 6-day volume and price relationship, close-vwap (if both are small).

**Label**: Volume and Price Theory

##### Alpha#87: `(max(rank(decay_linear(delta(((close0.369701)+(vwap(1-0.369701))),1.91233),2.65461)),Ts_R ank(decay_linear(abs(correlation(IndNeutralize(*adv81,IndClass.industry),close,13.4132)),4.89768),14.4535))-1)`

**Explanation**: Select the price increase that is higher than the correlation between volume and price, and then reverse the sequence 

**Label**: Volume and Price Theory

##### Alpha#88: `min(rank(decay_linear(((rank(open)+rank(low))-(rank(high)+rank(close))),8.06882)),Ts_Rank(decay_linear(correlation(Ts_ Ts_Rank(adv60, 20.6966), 8.01266), 6.65053), 2.61957))`

**Note**: Choose low, no need to reverse sequence

**Label**: Volume and Price Theory

##### Alpha#89: `(Ts_Rank(decay_linear(correlation(((low*0.967285)+(low*(1-0.967285)))),adv10,6.9 Ts_Rank(decay_linear(delta(IndNeutralize(vwap, IndClass.industry), 3.48158), 10.1466), 15.3012))`

**Explanation**: At first glance, the number comes out. Low is exactly equivalent to one. It is directly proportional to the relationship betwe inversely proportional to the price difference. The inverse ratio of the volume-price relationship, using Ts_Rank, the short-term is small, a forming an inverse sequence.

**Label**: Volume and Price Theory

##### Alpha#90: `((rank((close-ts_max(close,4.66719)))^Ts_Rank (correlation(IndNeutralize(adv40,IndClass.subindustry),low,5.38375),3.21856))*-1)`

**Note**: The 5-day spread is proportional, the index correlation is inversely proportional, and then the negative sequence. Label: Volume and Price Theory

##### Alpha#91: `((Ts_Rank(decay_linear(decay_linear(correlation(IndNeutralize(close,IndClass.Industry),volume,9.74928),1 rank(decay_linear(correlation(vwap,adv30,4.01303), 2.6809)))*-1)`

**Explanation**: 10-day volume-price relationship minus 3-day volume-price relationship, Ts_Rank is reversed to get the short-term volume-p and -1 reverse order gives a high score for the decline.

**Label**: Volume and Price Theory

##### Alpha#92: `min(Ts_Rank(decay_linear(((((high+low)/2)+close<(low+open)),14.72221),18.8683),Ts_Rank(decay_linear(correlation(rank(low 6.94024), 6.80584))`

**Note**: Select the reverse order of the higher price, and select the reverse order of the higher volume-price relationship. Whichever is smaller Label: Volume and Price Theory

##### Alpha#93: `(Ts_Rank(decay_linear(correlation(IndNeutralize(vwap,IndClass.industry),adv81,17.4193),19.848),7.54455)/rank(decay_linear( (vwap*(1- -0.524434))), 2.73777), 16.26 64)))`

**Explanation**: Volume and price relationship on the 20th, reverse order; price relationship on the 16th; the former except the latter. When relationship is low, the numerator score is high. When the price drops sharply, the latter scores low.

**Label**: Volume and Price Theory

##### Alpha#94: `((rank((vwap-ts_min(open,12.4105)))<Ts_Rank(correlation(Ts_Rank(vwap,19.6462), Ts_Rank(adv60,4.02992),18.0926),2.70756))*-1)` 

**Explanation**: 12-day spread, 18-day volume-price relationship, reverse order. When the volume-price relationship is negative, the smaller t overall score.

**Label**: Volume and Price Theory

##### Alpha#95: `(rank((open-ts_min(open,12.4105)) <Ts_Rank((rank(correlation(sum(((high+low)/2),19.1351),sum(adv40,19.1351),12.8742))^5) ,11.7584))`

**Explanation**: 12-day spread; 12-day volume-price relationship, reverse order. It's similar to the upstairs, but it feels like a big minus. 

**Label**: Volume and Price Theory

##### Alpha#96: `(max(Ts_Rank(decay_linear(correlation(rank(vwap),rank(volume),3.83878),4.16783),8.38151),Ts_Rank(decay_linear(Ts_ArgMax(correlatio 4),Ts_Rank(adv60) ,4.13242),3.65459),12.6556),14.0365),13.4143))*-1)`

**Explanation**: The relationship between volume and price on the 8th, in reverse order; the relationship between volume and price on th Choose the bigger one. Reverse Order

**Label**: Volume and Price Theory (timing)

##### Alpha#97: `((rank(decay_linear(delta(IndNeutralize(((low*0.721001)+(vwap*(1-0.721001)))),IndClass..indust ry),3.3705),20.4523))Ts_Rank(decay_linear(Ts_Rank(correlation(Ts_Rank(low,7.87871), Ts_Rank(adv60,17.255),4.97547),18.5925),15.715` 

**Explanation**: 3-day spread, 18-day volume-price relationship, reverse order, reverse order; overall reverse order.
**Label**: Volume and Price Theory

##### Alpha#98: `(rank(decay_linear(correlation(vwap,sum(adv5,26.4 rank(decay_linear(Ts_Rank(Ts_ArgMin(correlation(rank(open),rank(adv15),20.8187), 8.62571), 6.95668), 8.07206)))`

**Note**: 5-day volume-price relationship; 15-day volume-price relationship in reverse order. The former is large and the latter is small, giving Label: Volume and Price Theory

##### Alpha#99: `((rank(correlation(sum(((high+low)/2),19.8975),sum(adv60,19.8975),8.8136))<rank(correlation(low,volume,6.28259)))*- 1)`

**Description**: 60-day volume-price relationship between volume and price; 1-day volume-price relationship. Inversely. Select the short-t volume and price.

**Label**: Volume and Price Theory

##### Alpha#100: `(0-(1(((1.5scale(indneutralize(indneutralize(rank(((((close-low)-(high-close))/(high low))volume)),IndClass.subindustry) scale(indneutralize((correlation(close,rank(adv20),5) rank(ts_argmin(close,30))),IndClass.subindustry)))(volume/adv20))))`

**Description**: A slightly more complicated relationship between volume and price. Pass quantity * price, and reverse order. It is equivalent one is high.

**Label**: Volume and Price Theory

##### Alpha#101: `((close-open)/(high-low)+0.001))`

**Explanation**: It is equivalent to a standardized means of price. A bit similar to the meaning of mean-reversion in a fluctuating state Label: Candle Chart Theory